
Dereferencier aka Achrononarchist [TM](c)(r)2011 ypb
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Or DrFe in short. A GTD (in a very broad meaning of the acronym) and "snippets"
command line application. Uses tdb (a bdb/gdbm clone from Samba) as key/value
store.

Actually it's most certainly more about "snippets" than GTD so mentioning the
former is probably a grave overstatement, but for the longest time I found
"to-doing" generating lots of conceptual shards (shreds or perhaps chaff?-)
which ultimately elude classification or their organization becomes a project
in and of itself. Real life case is half bad as stacks of post-it notes or
notebooks have materially irreducible logical structure, but virtual one
(inside computer) while giving potentially infinite possibilities of "solving"
the problem in fact creates so much freedom that in the end it all gets "lost".
For example, I've never found a way to effectively manage my bookmarks, I've
tried org-mode, several time-management applications, but in the end when
I wanted to remember some "snippet" relevant to something I've done some weeks
ago and I haven't then foreseen that I may need this information later and
it was not something that found its way to the top of a Google search grepping
through my xclipboard files "saved the moment". Hurray for Luddite primitivism...

DrFe is an attempt to index, manage and structure by centralizing into one
"concepts name space" a set of textual blobs which in a very unpredictable
manner may or may not have relation to each other over time. Additionally, I
think that using CLI may help in escaping phenomenon of given abstract
metaphor, as self-actualized in GUI, constricting manner of operation of each
individual user.

